"What was it that got me into music, again?
Was it the record player that my dad had?
Listening feels good.
Just listening doesn't require any effort, after all.
A preface isn't needed,
so I'll just get straight to the point–
One day, I thought:
Perhaps, this hole could be filled up if this song were to become mine.
And so, I stole"
Ah, it's still not enough.
Nothing's enough.
I'm not satisfied at all.
I won't be able to live alone if this goes on.
I want to learn more.
I want to learn of love
And of something
so beautiful it'll sate my heart.
"One day, I realized
that the song playing all over town was my own.
Well, no wonder it became popular.
I made it by stealing a masterpiece, after all!
That guy is an idiot.
This guy is an idiot, too.
Everyone who showers them with praises is an idiot as well.
And the true value eludes the crowd,
which flocks like crows.
Well, I guess I'm the same as them"
Ah, something's still missing.
I've stolen this much
but I'm not satisfied in the slightest.
I can't be satisfied just with superficial words.
I want to learn of love.
Just money isn't enough.
I want to learn of something
so beautiful it'll sate my jealousy.
"What was it that got me into music?
I've forgotten already,
but I remember that it wasn't greed.
It was something beautiful.
This mask I put on will come off one day.
And despite all, the night will come.
I'll be looking forward from the bottom
of my heart to what I'll see then.
That's right.
I lost everything–
status, love, it's all gone.
I think the night after everything's gone
will be really beautiful
It will be really
really
beautiful
And that's why I stole"
Ah, it's still not enough.
I want to write more.
I won't be satisfied with this kind of song
Or the harsh words you lot spit out.
I want to write about a love
I have yet to know
And to learn of something
so beautiful it'll sate my heart.
It's still not enough.
I'm not enough.
I don't know what's always been missing.
It's still not enough.
I want to learn more.
I want to learn of a night
so beautiful it'll melt my body away.